Inconsistency: Diahnne Abbott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kareem AbdulJabbar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: F.Murray Abraham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Abrahams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maury Abram has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Victoria Abril has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Ackroyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Ackroyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Adames has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sam Adams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ben Affleck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Casey Affleck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria Aitkins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Serap Aksoy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Josh Albee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edward Albert~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Albert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rutanya Alda has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vera Alentova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandy Alexander has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hope AlexanderWells has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrea Allan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Catherine Allegret has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rae Allen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Allen~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kirstie Alley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pedro Almodovar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria Conchita Alonso has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Corinne Alphen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betty Amann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leonora Amar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lucio Amelio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Amos has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Amplas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dev Anand has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bridgette Andersen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bibi Anderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: E. Erich Anderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harriet Anderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ingrid Anderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Melissa Sue Anderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carole Andre has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gabe Andre has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fr\'ed\'ric Andrei has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Andrews has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eamonn Andrews has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Andrews Sisters has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Hells Angels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ivy Angustain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karen Anspach has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adam Ant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lysette Anthony has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Anthony has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Anton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laura Antonelli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lou Antonio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alfonso Arau has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Allan Arbus has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Archer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carmen Argenziano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adam Arkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Arkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bess Armstrong has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Curtis Armstrong has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeanetta Arnette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Arnott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosanna Arquette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Ash has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Ashley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Ashley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregoire Asian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Luke Askew has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chuck Aspegren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Armand Assante has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Asta has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adele Astaire has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kim Atwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brigitte Auber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joss Auckland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Audrey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Austin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Auteuil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Luis Avalos has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Avery has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margaret Avery has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nina Axelrod has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hoyt Axton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Ayer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Aykroyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregg Ayres has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shabana Azmi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candy Azzara has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kevin Bacon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hermione Baddeley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Baer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Blanche Baker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathy Baker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruby Baker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rebecca Balding has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adam Baldwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alec Baldwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Baldwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Baldwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Florinda Balkan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vincent Ball has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Victor Banerjee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donatas Banionis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alex Bank has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aaron Banks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Olga Baraclanova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christine Baranski has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joyce Barbour has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mijanou Bardot has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonny Barger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lex Barker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcie Barkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mikhail Barishnikov has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jake Barnes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julian Barnes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Priscilla Barnes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlie Barnett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nella Barnier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandy Baron has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pierre Barouh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria Barranco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Barrie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maurice Barrier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Barris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Barrymore~III has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maurice Barrymore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eddie Barth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Basil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Count Basie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Baskin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alfie Bass has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Bassett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Bates has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Belinda Bauer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steven Bauer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Baxley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Bay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nathalie Baye has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Bayer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Beals has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Beatles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John C. Becher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kimberly Beck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stanley Beck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Beckerman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Molly Bee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hagan Beggs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ed Begley~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Belcher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara BelGeddes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Bell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Agostina Belli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Olga Bellin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Belmonts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Beltran has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Beltran has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Belushi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Belzer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Benatar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Benben has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Benedict has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Annette Bening has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Bennett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbi Benton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susanne Benton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Iris Berben has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judith-Marie Bergan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Bergen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Katya Berger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Berger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harold Bergman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Bergman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandahl Bergman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tracy Bergman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thommy Bergren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steven Berkoff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennie Berlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Berman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jason Bernhard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandra Bernhard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Berridge has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phillip Berrigan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chuck Berry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Halle Berry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Berryman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bibi Besch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Bestar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Beutel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Turhan Bey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Biehn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ramon Bieri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Billingsley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geoff Binney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edward Binns has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brad Bird has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Bishop has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Bishop has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bonnie Bittner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gunnar Bjornstrand has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jon Blake has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Whitney Blake has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michel Blanc has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alan Blanchard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pierre Blanchard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Blankfield has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Blay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Debra Blee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Blodgett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Verna Bloom has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hart Bochner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Boensh~III has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Bohringer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tiffany Bolling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sudie Bond has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Natalya Bondartchuk has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Bonerz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beverly Bonner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Val\'erie Bonnier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bonzo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Connie Booth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Powers Boothe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paola Borboni has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matt Borel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dirk Borgarde has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Victor Borge has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nelly Borgeaud has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Benjamin Bottoms has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Boulanger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mathew Boulton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carole Bouquet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charon Bourke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Bovasso has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Bova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Bowen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Bowen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Malick Bowes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothy Boyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Guy Boyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William `Stage' Stage has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Bowery Boys has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jean Bradin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terry Bradshaw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Brady has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rob Brady has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonia Braga has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miriam Brickman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wilford Brimley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kenneth Branagh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Brandon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betsy Brantley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Larry Breeding has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hanna Brejchova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Timothy Brent has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patricia Breslin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: JeanClaude Brialy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bricktop has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wilford Brimley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Brocco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phil Brock has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Brockette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elisabeth Brooks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hildy Brooks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James L. Brooks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louise Brooks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Antonia Brough has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Foxy Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gaye Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Janet Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lou Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Reb Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Aaron Brown has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathy Browne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lenny Bruce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nadja Brunkhorst has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phil Bruns has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Bryant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Buchan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betty Buckley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Buckwalter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Raymond Buktencia has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeremy Bulloch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Avis Bunnage has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Bur has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Burdon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Burgess has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Burghoff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Burkley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Burlinson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Smiley Burnette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marilyn Burns has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephan W. Burns has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Burns has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terri Burrell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jackie Burroughs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Burrows has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeff Burton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: LeVar Burton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy "Green" Bush has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Butler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Butler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yancy Butler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Buttram has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruth Buzzi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Byner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Byrd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Byrne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martha Byrne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathleen Byron has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cheri Caffaro has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Cagney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shakira Caine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Cali has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Simon Callow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Coleen Camp has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hamilton Camp has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Campanella has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Campbell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cheryl Campbell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daisy Campbell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Canning has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Freedy Cannon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathy Cannon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ahna Capri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kate Capshaw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irene Cara has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Cardella has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Cardi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arthur Carewe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Carey~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Carey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Carhart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leo Carillo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Carlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Carlisle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johanna Carlo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Carlson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karen Carlson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Moose Carlson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Carlson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ingmari Carlssen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Carme has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Carmen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Angela Carnon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Horace Carpenter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Carpenter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carpin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carol Carr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darleen Carr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Carr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Carradine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Carrey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matthew Carriere has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Carrol has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Regina Carrol has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Regina Carroll has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kit Carson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Carter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lydia Carter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynda Carter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: T.K. Carter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernie Casey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Cassidy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: JeanPierre Castaldi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kim Cattrall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Olimpia Cavalli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dick Cavett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Cazenove has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Renzo Cesana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: June Chadwick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Challee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wilt Chamberlain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marilyn Chambers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jackie Chan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Simon Chandler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margo Channing has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Esme Chaplin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Josephine Chaplin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geraldine Chapman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Graham Chapman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lonny Chapman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bobby H. Charles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ian Charleson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henri Charrieri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Chase has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martine Chassaing has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marvin Chatinover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Soumitra Chatterjee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joan Chen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrice Chereau has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arthur Chesney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Chester has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Cheung has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Chevalier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonny Chiba has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Chitty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shelby Chong has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thomas Chong has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarita Choudhury has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Navin Chowdhury has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Cristian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suzanne Christian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kay Christopher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Christopher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Churchill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Augusta Ciolli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Audrey Claire has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy Clanton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gordon Clapp has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Clapton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: D. Greydon Clark has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Clark has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Caitlin Clarke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon D. Clarke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Warren Clarke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Clendinning has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Clennon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Corinne Clery has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy Cliff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Al Cliver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Clooney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Raymond Cloutier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Cluff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: June Clyde has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Coe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tristam Coffin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mindy Cohen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicholas Colasanto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mabel Colcord has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosalie Cole has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Coleby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dabney Coleman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Colin~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kenneth Colley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Collier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patience Collier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phil Collins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roberta Collins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Colomby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miriam Colon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Willie Colon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tita Colorado has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Norman Combes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frederick Combs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Commodores has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fay Compton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Oliver Conant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Didi Conn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betty Connell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chris Connelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jenifer Connelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Considine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Considine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michel Constantin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mario Conti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carolyn Conwell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Perry Cook has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Cook has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alice Cooper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terrec Cooper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sofia Coppola has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Corbin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lola Cordova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irwin Corey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judy Cornwell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Salvatore Corsitto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Cortese has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicholas Cortland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Cory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wendell Cory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cybil Cosack has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ernest Cosart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rich Cosentino has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Desiree Costeau has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carolyn Courage has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cicely Courtneige has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maggie CousineauArndt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Herbert `Cowboy' Coward has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruth Cox has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Coyote has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Crabtree has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Crain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Grant Cramer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Norma Crane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Crawford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Plett Creighton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Creley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Crenna has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Crichton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lou Crisoula has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Crocker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dick Crockett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cathy Lee Crosby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Crosby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kim Crosby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Crosby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scatman Crothers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lindsay Crouse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Cullum has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothy Cumming has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Quinn Cummings has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Cummings has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peggy Cummins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Cunningham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Curreri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Currie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sondra Currie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Curry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Curtin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Curtin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kelly Curtis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maryam DAbo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Willem Dafoe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lil Dagover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Daily has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irene Daily has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Dale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beatrice Dalle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Damon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Dana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leona Dana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mara Danaud has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Dance has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom dAndrea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mirella D'Angelo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rodney Dangerfield has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suzanne Danielle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Daniels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeff Daniels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sybil Danning has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Danza has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patti D'Arbanville has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruth Dardick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Darien has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jean Daste has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elyssa Davalos has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Doris Davenport has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eileen Davidson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lolita Davidovitch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clifton Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geena Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gene Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Larry Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lyndon Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mac Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miles Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phyllis Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonny Carl Davis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marjorie Daw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marpessa Dawn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clayton Day has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Day has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lawrence Day has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marceline Day has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Deacon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laura Dean has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darcia Deane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria DeAragon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kristine DeBell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John DeBello has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ermelinda deFelice has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Luca DeFilippo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peppino DeFillippo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Willem Defoe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicholas DeGunzberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank deKova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carla DelPoggio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Deman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria deMadeiros has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rebecca deMorney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Raymond Denny has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rossy dePalma has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elisabeth Depardieu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frederic dePasquale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe deRita has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cleavant Derricks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne DeSalvo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe DeSantis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ed DeStefane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maruschka Detmers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Devane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Devane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Danny deVito has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Devlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Devlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Dewaere has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Dewhurst has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy DeWolf has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elliot Dexter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Dey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Selma Diamond has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bobby DiCicco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lucinda Dickey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arthur Dignam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Dimbleby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Piero DiOrio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dante DiPaolo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Dishy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Divine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Loretta Divine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Dixon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ivan Dixon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gitty Djamal has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Dobisch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Doherty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arturo Dominici has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Donat has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruth Donelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donal Donnelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrice Donnelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: King Donovan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Doohan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Doqui has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karin Dor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Dorff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Angela Dorian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susana Dosamantes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Diana Douglas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kent Douglas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robyn Douglas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Douglas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ned Dowd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betsy Drake has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Drake has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Dray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Georgiana Drew has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lesley Dudley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Duffy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Duggan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Olympia Dukakis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Dukes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Dulo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandra Dumas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gerald duMaurier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carmen Duncan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Isadora Duncan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Victor Dunlop has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Liam Dunn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Dunn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Dunne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Dunphy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Duprey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Durbee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Monique Dury has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Dvorsky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cameron Dye has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Dylan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Dysart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Dysart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Dzunda has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Eastman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marilyn Eastman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alison Eastwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kimber Eastwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kyle Eastwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shirley Eaton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Horst Ebersberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christine Ebersole has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eileen Eckhart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gosta Eckman~sr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gosta Eckman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hallie Eckstein has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Edmonds has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Edwards has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Edwards has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Luke Edmonds has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Snitz Edwards has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Eilbacher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Janet Eilber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Eisley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ike Eisenmann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Duke Ellington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Biff Elliott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Elliott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Elliott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Elliott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Ellis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Art Ellison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sallee Elyse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Emil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Englund has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Doc Erickson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Krista Errickson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Howard Erskine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Emilio Estevez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shari Eubank has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Evans has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Trish Everly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Ewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Eyer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eduardo Fajardo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lola Falana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fabray Falconetti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Fallender has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Lee Falt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Faraldo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Amy Farber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria Farebrother has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Violet Farebrother has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Antonio Fargas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Farnsworth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dustin Farnum has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Felicia Farr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jamie Farr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Derek Farr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nick Farrell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Farrell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephanie Farrow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tisa Farrow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Graham Faulkner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Faulkner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michelle Fawden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynne Federicks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Birgitte Federspiel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frances Feist has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tovah Feldshuh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sylvie Fennec has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Willie Fennell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irine Fenwick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamelyn Ferdin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: J. Don Ferguson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Ferguson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wilhelmina Fernandez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Noel Ferrier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lou Ferrigno has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karen Field has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edward Fielding has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margaret Fielding has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Fields has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: W.C. Fields has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Filer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Fimple has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: T.G. Finkbinder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Finley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Warren Finnerty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shirley Jo Finney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elena Fiore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eddie Firestone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Larry Fishburne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cindy Fisher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frances Fisher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fannie Flagg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Flagg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George "Buck" Flower has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joel Fluellen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leo Fong has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Genevieve Fontanel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margot Fonteyn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Ford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Foreman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frederic Forrest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mike Forrest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Constance Forslund has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henderson Forsythe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nick Apollo Forte has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Foster has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Meg Foster has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phil Foster has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Foster has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susannah Fowle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernard Fox has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rolla France has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eve Francis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ivor Francis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jacques Francois has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ben Frank has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Frank has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Franken has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Frankeur has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aretha Franklin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Franks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Fraser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Frazer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sheila Frazer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynn Frederick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vicki Frederick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alan Freed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bert Freed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Freedman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Amy Freeman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Freeman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Morna Freeman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Morgan Freeman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sauri Frey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Friedman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Friedrich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gustav Froehlich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Fryer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alan Fudge has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dale Fuller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dolores Fuller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lance Fuller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jessie Lee Fulton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Furst has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Gahagan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Max Gail has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlotte Gainsbourg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Serge Gainsbourg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Gallagher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Gambon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Gammell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Gampu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Abel Gance has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruno Ganz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Teresa Ganzel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andres Garcia has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Art Garfunkel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Garko has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Garay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joaquin Garay~III has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eliza Garrett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leif Garrett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ellen Garrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harold Gary has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorraine Gary has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marie-Louise Gassen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fernand Gavet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erica Gavin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Gaynes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Gazzo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ellen Geer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laura Gemser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Gentile has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nathan George has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rita George has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carmelita Geraghty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Gerber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Flo Gerish has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Getz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judi Gibbs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Colin Gibson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stefan Gierasch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Gifford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gloria Gifford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Melissa Gilbert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Gilchrist has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maude Gill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dana Gillespie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anita Gillette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stu Gilliam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terry Gilliam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Virginia Gilmore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ian Gilmour has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Ginty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anton Glanzelius has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yves Glary has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gil Glasco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sabine Glaser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Glass has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Gleason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roy Glenister has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Gless has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Glover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Crispin Glover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Glover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carlin Glynn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jacques Godin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernard Goetzke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Goff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matt Goldsby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clio Goldsmith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bobcat Goldthwait has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arlene Golonka has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Gonzales has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dody Goodman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suki Goodwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Allen Goorwitz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Colin Gordin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dexter Gordon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Gordon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keith Gordon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Gordon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynee Gorman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karen Gorney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lou Gossett~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Walter Gotell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jason Gould has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Gover has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Goz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nickolas Grace has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gerrit Graham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Grant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard E. Grant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erin Gray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joel Gray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gilbert Green has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keith Green has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marika Green has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Seth Green has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: H.Richard Greene has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leon Green has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mean Joe Greene has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Greene has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clare Greet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andre Gregory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Celia Gregory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dora Gregory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Gregory has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Grey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Grieg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helmut Griem has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Alan Grier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosie Grier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kirstin Griffith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Simone Griffith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tracy Griffith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ele Grigsby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Grimaldi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jonathan Griss has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claire Griswold has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ake Groenberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Herbert Gronemeyer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sam Groom has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Muriel Gross has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Grovenor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gustav Grundgens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Francois Guerin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruy Guerra has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Guest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lance Guest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicholas Guest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Guilford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Guillaume has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fernando Guill\'en has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Gunner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ray Guth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Guttenberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Little Tough Guys has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Gwillin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Gwynne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Haake has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sayle Haddon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ross Hagen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Hagerty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Merle Haggard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Haggerty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brahim Haggiag has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gisela Hahn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Haid has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sig Haig has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Haines has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Hale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jackie Earle Haley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: H.B. Halicki has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Albert Hall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ray Hallam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lillian HallDavis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brett Halsey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mie Hama has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Veronica Hamel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernie Hamilton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Hamilton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suzanne Hamilton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ben Hammer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Hampton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Master Bong Soo Han has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miyi Hana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lloyd Hanes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mie Hanna has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darryl Hannah has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patti Hansen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Harcourt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Hardin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ty Hardin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lyn Harding has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karl Hardman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Hargreaves has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Harmon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Harper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tess Harper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Harrington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aaron Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anita Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brad Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ed Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joann Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julius W. Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leigh Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leonard Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynette Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: M.K. Harris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cathryn Harrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Harrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregory Harrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jenilee Harrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Harrow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Harry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Hart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Veronica Hart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ena Hartman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Hartman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Hartman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurence Harvey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Herk Harvey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Haskins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Hasselhoff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terry Hatcher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Hatch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rohini Hattangady has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rondo Hatton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Max Haufler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fay Hauser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joachim Hauser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wings Hauser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thomas Haustein has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nigel Havers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Hawley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Haydon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Lind Hayes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Haynes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jonathan Haze has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Katherine Healy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marta Heflin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Hegarty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Hegerty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elayne Heilveil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Hell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Randee Heller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Helm has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Florence Helminger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Helmore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Albert Henderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Skitch Henderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nancy Hendrickson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Janet Henfrey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marilu Henner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Henning has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lance Henriksen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregg Henry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Hensley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicky Henson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dee Hepburn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Herbert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Herd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: PeeWee Herman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Woodie Herman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leila Hermosa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcel Herrand has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arnold Hess~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Howard Hesseman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Hewett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martin Hewitt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Hickman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Catherine Hicks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dana Hill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marianna Hill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Norman Hill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tommy Hill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candace Hilligoss has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Warren Hillman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregory Hines has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maurice Hines has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick K. Hinses has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darby Hinton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Hodern has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hulk Hogan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Hogan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Hogan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Holbert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Holcomb has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Holden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geoffrey Holder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Heidi Holicker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Holland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martha Holliday has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hollye Holmes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Holmes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Oscar Homolka has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Hooten has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beverly Hope has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Hope has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christiane Hoerbiger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Hoerbiger has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Len Horne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Horsley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Horton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Houser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Houser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brie Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clint Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mel Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Howard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cherie Howell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kelly Hu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Allan Hubbard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Hubbard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Season Hubley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cooper Huckabee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Huddleston has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Hudson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ernie Hudson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brent Huff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wendy Hughes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel HughKelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Hulce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dianne Hull has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Humphries has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy Hunt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Hunt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kaki Hunter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pam Huntington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Hurt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ferlin Husky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Hylands has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mike Hynson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Idle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Iglehart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: A.B. Imenson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Amy Ingersoll has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Ironside has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Irvine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Zachary Ittimangnaq has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregory Itzin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judith Ivey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kereem Abdul Jabar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wolfman Jack has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jamie Smith Jackson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Jackson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sherry Jackson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irene Jacob has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Saeed Jaffrey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Jaglom has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth James has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jessica James has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonny James has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fr\'ed\'erique Jamet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Horst Janson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Famke Janssen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louis January has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Jason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lang Jeffries has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ian Jenble has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claudia Jennings has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roy Cameron Jensen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roy Jenson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Jillian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Johansen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Glynis Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Johnston has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laura Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynn-Holly Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michelle Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tor Johnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jo Johnston has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Duane Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Grace Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hannah Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeffrey Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jocelyn Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: OLan Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terry Jones has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Samson Jorah has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christine Jorgenson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jackie Joseph has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erland Josephson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darwin Joston has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Joy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Judd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gordon Jump has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: June has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deana Jurgens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Robertson Justice has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gabi Just has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Justin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suzanne Kaaren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wolf Kahler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Florence Kahn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jonathan Kahn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Toni Kalem has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Kallianoites has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ida Kaminska has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anna Kanakis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Kanaly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Byron Kane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy Kane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Kane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gabe Kaplan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shashi Kapoor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Kaprisky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Kaquitts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kevin Karson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosanne Katon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Kauffman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andy Kaufman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Kaufmann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorrie Kavanaugh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Kavner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Kay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Diane Kay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Caren Kaye has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lainie Kazan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Keach has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Kehoe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kishi Keiko has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Keith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothy Keller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Kellerman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Kelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeanette Kelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Kelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paula Kelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Kelly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rachel Kempson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Takakura Ken has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Kendall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alexa Kenin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gerard Kennedy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jayne Kennedy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leon Isaac Kennedy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sean Kenney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jill Kennington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothea Kent has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Doris Kenyon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Kerr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: J. Herbert Kerr~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Kerridge has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathy Kersh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Kerwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lance Kerwin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jillian Kessner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sara Kestelman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Keyloun has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chaka Khan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Kidd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dead End Kids has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: East Side Kids has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Kimmel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Kinanju has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adrienne King has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernard King has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mabel King has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela King has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Zalman King has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Melinda Kinnaman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruno Kirby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Al Kirkeby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sally Kirkland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Kirkwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Oreste Kirkop has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terry Kiser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tawny Kitaen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Kitchen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bodil Kjer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Klein has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kevin Kline has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Val Kline has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Debra Klose has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Knell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Evel Knievel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandra Knight has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ted Knight has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Walter Koenig has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anna Konstam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leopoldine Konstatin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keystone Kops has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlie Korsmo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Koslowski) has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sho Kosugi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeroen Krabbe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeffrey Kramer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Kreuzer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anneline Kriel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alice Krige has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marta Kristen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Kroner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gene Krupa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vivian Kubrick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Kukas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cal Kuniholme has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alwyn Kurts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Katy Kurtzman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Kushner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Labiosa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ronald Lacey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Taylor Lacher has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Lack has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Denis Lacroix has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Lacy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Ladd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcy Lafferty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christine Lahti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Lahti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorenzo Lamas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Lambert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Lambert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Heath Lamberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Molly Lamont has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Lampkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karl Lanchbury has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geoffrey Land has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judy Landers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurene Landon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Landsburg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Abbe Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jocelyn Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kent Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mike Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rusty Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Lane has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Perry Lang has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Langdon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurie Lapinski has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erik Larsen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ham Larsen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sidney Lassick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lassie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louise Latham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Queen Latifah has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Latimore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matt Lattanzi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lyle Lattel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ellen Hamilton Latzen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carol Laure has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurel and Hardy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Laurie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adam Lawrence has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruno Lawrence has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Lawrence has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Leach has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosemary Leach has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stanley Leavitt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kelly LeBrock has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Otto Lederer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carl Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: China Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cinque Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cynthia Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joie Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robbie Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pinky Lee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Spike has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Leenhardt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eva leGallienne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beatrix Lehman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Leifert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Leindecker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donovan Leitch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Lembeck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Meadowlark Lemon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Lennon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jean Lenoir has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rula Lenska has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leib Lensky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Leon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tea Leoni has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Lerner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Madeleine Leroux has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Lesser has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Buddy Lester has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Lewis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geoffrey Lewis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Lee Lewis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Lewis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Viola Leyel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Libby has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Liberace has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anne Libert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeremy Licht has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mitchell Lichtenstein has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anki Liden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Liebman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lo Lieh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gordon Lightfoot has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Audra Lindley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark LinnBaker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: L\'eon M. Lion has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eugene Lipinski has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Lipscomb has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Lithgow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Little has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stanley Livingston has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Desmond Llewellyn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Lloyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Emily Lloyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathleen Lloyd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony LoBianco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Philip Locke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Heather Locklear has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Loden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jaqueline Logan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert F. Logan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sol Lomita has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Lone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Avon Long has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shelley Long has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claudine Longet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ray Lonnen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Herbert Loom has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nancy Loomis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rod Loomis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gerry Lopez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Perry Lopez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gail Lorber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Traci Lords has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Lorea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Louie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Louis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Willard Louis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phyllis Love has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dyson Lovell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rob Lowe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynn Lowry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Lu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Lucas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Luce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Ludlam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorna Luft has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jorge Luke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aldrick Lukes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Lupone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alfred Lutter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Lyons has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ralph Macchio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeanette MacDonald has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andie MacDowell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marlena MacGuire has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Macht has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kerry Mack has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marion Mack has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fulton Mackay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Janet MacLachian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kyle MacLachlan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert MacNaughton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter MacNicol has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Macrae has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William H. Macy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Madden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Amy Madigan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Mahoney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chris Makepeace has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mako has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Malahide has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Malcolm has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurent Malet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Malkovich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tania Mallett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Mandan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karin Mani has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Guido Mannari has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dinah Manoff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clelia Mantania has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Mantell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kiti Manver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Manville has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Manzy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcel Marceau has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nancy Marchand has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrea Marcovicci has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Janie Mareze has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Margotta has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cheech Marin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rikki Marin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kika Markham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ted Markland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Marlowe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Evaristo Marquez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sally Marr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arthur Marshal has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bryan Marshall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Marshall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Marshall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Penny Marshall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Marshall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jean Martin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Sue Martin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frederick Martini has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Al Martino has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Martinson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marx Brothers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Masak has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Mask has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Mason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hilary Mason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Mason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edith Massey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Masterson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sean Masterson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Masur has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clelia Matania has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julian Mateus has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Mathers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Matthey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Mattson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cyril Maude has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carmen Maura has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Russ Mayberry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Mayhew has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Melanie Mayron has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ray McAnnely has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrea McArdle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcia McBroom has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frances Lee McCain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irish McCalla has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrew McCarthy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rue McClanahan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fergus McClelland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marc McClure has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keith McConnell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard McConnell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kent McCord has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat McCormick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Van McCoy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeff McCracken has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jody McCrea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kit McDonough has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betty McDowall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arnie McEnroe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Spanky McFarland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vonetta McGee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Everett McGill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ted McGinley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alec McGowan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ali McGraw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Angela Punch McGregor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie McGregor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill McGuire has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marlena McGuire has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen McHattie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael McKean has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lonette McKee has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: T.P. McKenna has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kate McKenzie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Norman McKinnel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill McKinney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hollis McLaren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John C. McLaughlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Diana McLean has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John McLiam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marshall McLuhan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ed McMahon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John McMartin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kenneth McMillan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara McNair has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claudia McNeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathryn McNeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maggie McOmie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank McRae has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Audrey Meadows has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joyce Meadows has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: DeAnn Mears has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sylvie Meda has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Meeker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mariangela Melato has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claudine Melgrave has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Melling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fuller Mellish~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Breno Mello has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sam Melville has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mauro Mendonco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nerida Mercado has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Meredith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Meredith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Merivale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Merrall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Metzler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Torben Meyer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vittorio Mezzoglomo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Drew Michaels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jordan Michaels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matt Michaels has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Michelle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlotte Michelle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tatsuta Mihashi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Mikulski has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mario Milano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kelly Miles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lillian Miles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sherry Miles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kim Milford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Penelope Milford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ray Millard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Denny Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eve Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathleen Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Penelope Ann Miller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andra Millian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Mills has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mort Mills has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Josh Milrad has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jan Miner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Emile Minty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irene Miracle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Channing Mitchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Mitchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Duke Mitchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leigh Mitchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Mitchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chris Mitchum has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Mitchum has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nobuko Miyamoto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jayne Modean has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Matthew Modine has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Moffat has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Angela Molina has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Georgia Moll has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Mollison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Monsanto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carlos Montalban has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lenny Montano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Montegna has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: M.J. Montfajon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Montgomery has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Moody has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keith Moon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alvy Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candy Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Demi Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eileen Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kenny Moore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Santos Morales has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erin Moran has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gerard Moran has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Agnes Morehead has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rina Morelli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cindy Morgan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Debbi Morgan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hank Morgan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sidney Morgan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stafford Morgan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cathy Moriarty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Moriarty has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lucilla Morlacchi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Garrett Morris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Glenn Morris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shelley Morrison has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Morrissey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Morse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Morse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Morse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hilary Morse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Mosley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joshua Mostel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judy Motulsky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mickey Mouse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Movak has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martin Mull has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy Mumy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Meg Mundy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jonathan Munk has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Irina Muravyova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Murdock has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlie Murphy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Murphy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Murphy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Murray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Doyle Murray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Murray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Myers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jim Nabors has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joanne Nail has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Reggie Nalder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Nance has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Nance has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brian Narelle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Clarence Nash has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Nathan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Naughton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rene Navarre has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Audrie J. Neenan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kay Neer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Liam Neeson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Little Nell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Nelson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Craig T. Nelson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kenneth Nelson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Nelson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosalba Neri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tommaso Neri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Neuman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Nevens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carol Irene Newell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorraine Newman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rachel Newman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Newman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Haing S. Ngor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Britt Nichols has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nichelle Nichols has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daria Nicolodi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brigitte Nielsen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Niemi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Niland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cynthia Nixon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nancy Lee Noble has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Trisha Noble has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miyamoto Nobuko has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Natalie Nogulich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Nolan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Nolan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mike Nomad has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christine Noonan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Noonan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Norman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Norris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mike Norris has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Northup has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Norton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Nouri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terri Nunn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Will Nye has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cicely Oates has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan OBannon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ana Obregon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hugh OBrien has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maria OBrien has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrea Occhipinti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Taffy OConnell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kevin OConnor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carroll ODea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judith ODea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chris ODonnell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lani OGrady has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Catherine OHara has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael OKeefe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miles OKeefe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael OLeary has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lena Olin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barret Oliver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Olivier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Olivier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edward James Olmes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: J. Pat OMalley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Colleen ONeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James ONeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cynthia ONeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shannon ONeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tricia ONeil has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dick ONeill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer ONeill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Remy ONeill has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yoko Ono has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alan Oppenheimer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Opper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathleen ORegan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack ORourke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Umberto Orsini has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mechu Ortiz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Super Dave Osborne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Missy OShea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cliff Osmond has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pernilla Ostergren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeff Osterhage has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Osth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ossi Oswalda has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Overton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Owen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joanna Pacula has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anita Page has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joy Page has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcel Pagliero has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jacqueline Pagnol has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dre Pahich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pal has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anita Pallenberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stuart Pankin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Pantoliano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Pardo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Pare has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Parrish has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louella Parsons has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Pataki has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Pate has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mandy Patinkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Paton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Patrick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorna Patterson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mark Patton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rosemary Paul has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Paulin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Morgan Paull has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Paulsen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anika Pavel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anna Pavlova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Pearce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jacqueline Pearce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patricia Pearcy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jesse Pearson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Peel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joan Peers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pele has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lisa Pelikan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Raymond Pellegrin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pina Pellicer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rick Pemberton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Penn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Penny has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Virginia Penta has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stacey Peralta has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jose Perez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Perlman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anna Perrier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Felton Perry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louis Perryman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Pesci has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stewart Petersen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sammy Petrillo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Howard Petri has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Petrie has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Petterson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jo Ann Pflug has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michelle Phillips has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Phipps has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paloma Picasso has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sorrells Pickard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tiana Pierce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bronson Pinchot has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Miguel Pinero has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dominique Pinon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Danny Pintauro has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Sons of the Pioneers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brad Pitt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Kay Place has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michele Placich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roger Planchon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dana Plato has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Moliere Players has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hilda Plowright has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Amanda Plummer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adelina Poerio has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jean Poiret has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tommy Pollard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sarah Polley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roy Poole has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Albert Popwell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Don Porter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Porter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Markie Post has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Madeline Potter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Annie Potts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cliff Potts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: C.C.H. Pounder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louise Pounds has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Phyllis Povah has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Powell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joynson Powell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Taryn Power has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joan Prather has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wolfgang Preiss has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lucy Prentiss has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Prescott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Prescow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alan Price has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martin Priest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jurgen Prochnow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Prosky has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Prowse has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cameron Prudhomme has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nicholas Pryor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vladimir Pucholt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Purcell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Roselyne Puyo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Monty Python has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Qualen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rita Quigley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aidan Quinn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aileen Quinn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Quinn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Quinnessen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Francine Racette has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kurt Raab has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: M.G. Ramachandran has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gilda Radner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Raffetto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Railsback has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Douglas Rain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ford Rainey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Raisch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laura Rambotham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harold Ramis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Doris Rankin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Rappaport has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Rappaport has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Rapport has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Ratray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Heather Rattray has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Blanche Ravalec has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candy Raymond has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sheila Raynor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Rea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Read has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bertice Reading has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy Redden has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Reddy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Redfield has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Basil Redford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jemma Redgrave has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Reed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Reed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Reed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tracy Reed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Regalbuto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Whit Reichert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frances Reid has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Reigert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Reilly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thomas Reiner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judge Reinhold has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Winston Rekert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Remar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Simone Renant has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Liz Renay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kelly Reno has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Resin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Aldo Rey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alejandro Rey has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael J. Reynolds has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sybil Rhoda has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Rhys has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John RhysDavies has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candice Rialzon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beah Richards has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joely Richardson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lee Richardson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Natasha Richardson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Debi Richter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judith Ridley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peter Riegert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ron Rifkin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terence Right has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Riley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Larry Riley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shane Rimmer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brad Rinn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kristen Riter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Ritz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Ritz-Brothers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cecilia Rivera has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Rivero has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Rivers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joan Rivers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adam Roarke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sam Robards has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mathew Robbins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John C. Roberick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christian Roberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Glenn Roberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael D. Roberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tanya Roberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Teal Roberts has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Robertson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Robertson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robbie Robertson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hayward Robillard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andy Robinson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Robinson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wayne Robson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcia Rodd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maurice Roeves has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lela Rogers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helena Rojo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Howard E. Rollins~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andy Romano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Romer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Annie Ross has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yvonne Ross has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Rossi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leo Rossi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Roth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lionel Royce has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Saul Rubinek has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Rubinstein has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rita Rudner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mercedes Ruehl has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Rumar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Runyon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rupaul has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Rush has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Rush has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Russ has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Betsy Russell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Craig Russell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Russell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gianni Russo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fran Ryan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Ryan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Raisa Ryazonova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Rydall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Ryland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yacef Saadi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Greta Sacchi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Sachs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Sacks has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marianne Sagebrecht has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kengji Sahara has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael SaintDenis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Theresa Saldana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: P.J. Sales has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Louis Salon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Renato Salvatori has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: JoAnne Samuel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Sanada has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jaime Sanchez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Salvatore Sanchez has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Sanderson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Sandor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julian Sands has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Santchi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Santos has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vic Savage has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Savalas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Savini has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Teresa Ann Savoy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peggy Sawyer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Diana Scarwid has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Felice Schacter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wendy Schall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sabrina Scharf has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Catherine Schell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ronnie Schell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: August Schellenberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ralph Schicha has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Claudia Schiffer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anja Schmidt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Schneider has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Magda Schneider has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Schoeffling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kyra Schon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Avery Schreiber has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dwight Schultz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Scott Schwartz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Schyck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patti Scialfa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Annbelle Sciorra has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edith Scon has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Zvee Scooler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martin Scorsese has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Campbell Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donovan Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jane Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Scott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vito Scotti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Scruggs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Franklyn Seales has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Seay has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Josef Sebanek has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pierre Segui has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Sekka has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Selleck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Milton Selzer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kent Senatore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Seneca has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Assumpta Serna has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julieta Serrano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pilar Seurat has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ralph Seymour has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kamran Shah has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: ShabbaDoo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Glen Shadix has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wallace Shaen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Shaffer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Shalhoub has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Shapiro has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Sharp has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Albert Sharpe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cornelia Sharpe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Shaver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stan Shaw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Susan Damante Shaw has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wallace Shawn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Shea has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Shearer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alice Sheedy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlie Sheen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Shepherd has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paula Sheppard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margaret Sheridan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Shiloal has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yoko Shimada has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sue Shiomi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yumi Shirakawa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dan Shor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothy Short has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Show has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ricky Shroder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard B. Shull has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mort Shuman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sabrina Siami has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Basil Sidney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gregory Sierra has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cynthia Sikes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James B. Sikking has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Trididad Silva has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Silvain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cyndi Silver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Silver has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Arlene Simmons has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Peggy Simpson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gordon John Sinclair has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lori Singer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marc Singer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Steve Singer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Penny Singleton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Sirola has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lilia Skala has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helgi Skulason has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Olga Slade has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard B. Skull has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Helen Slater has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard X. Slattery has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hana Slikova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marya Small has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bubba Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Martin Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jaclyn Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kate Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lane Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mel Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rainbeaux Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rex Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Terri Susan Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Smith has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sonja Smits has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wesley Snipes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy `The Greek' Snyder has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Park Jong Sod has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sojin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: P.J. Soles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andrew Solt has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Sommars has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Sonkkila has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Sorenson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Talisa Soto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Southern has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Merrie Spaeth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fay Spain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vincent Spano has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hazel Spears has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Spence has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Spencer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Posh Spice has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Spielberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Spinell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Loving Spoonful has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: G.D. Spradlin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rick Springfield has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Stacy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Stahl has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Staley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael StAngel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jiri Stanislav has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Forrest Stanley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lora Stanley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Stanmore has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Koo Stark has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kay Starr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ringo Starr has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Starrett has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Imaelda Staunton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alison Steadman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Simonetta Stefanelli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Steinberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Steiner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Albert Steinruck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carolyn Steller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sting has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harvey Stephens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pamela Stephens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Sterling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tisa Sterling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy Sterman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel Stern has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Erik Stern has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Stern has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frances Sternhagen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Casey Stevens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Morgan Stevens has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: MacLean Stevenson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alana Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Catherine Mary Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlotte Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandy Stewart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ivy StHelier has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pat Stich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Ogden Stiers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hugo Stiglitz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ben Stiller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sting has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher StJohn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Walter Stocker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Stockwell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Austin Stoker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shirley Stoler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christopher Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Danny Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ivory Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Philip Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Stone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcia Strassman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Russel Streiner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Annette Stroyberg has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barbara Stuart has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Styles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ed Sullivan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Sullivan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tom Sullivan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Madame SulTeWan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Summer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Todd Susman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Sutton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dominique Swain has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Swann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Forrest Swanson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Swanson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bob Sweeney has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dolph Sweet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stanley Swerdlow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tilda Swinton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ken Swofford has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harold Sylvester has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donald Symington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mr. T has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Takei has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Natalie Talmadge has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Tamm has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Quentin Tarantino has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Reba Tassel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sven-Bertil Taube has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vic Tayback has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Delores Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dub Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kit Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Renee Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rip Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valerie Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vaughn Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Zack Taylor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Tepper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Terry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nigel Terry has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: TerryThomas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurent Terzieff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lauren Tewes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lorna Thayer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joe Theismann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jodi Thelen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlize Theron has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Thibeau has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Brondon Thomas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Heather Thomas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henry Thomas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kristin Scott Thomas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tim Thomerson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Derek Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorri Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Emma Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Hal Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lea Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Linda Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kay Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kim Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shawn Thompson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martha Thomsen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Thring has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thu Thuy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Thurman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Theodora Thurman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tiana has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joseph Ticka has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cheryl Tiegs has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mel Tillis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Tillotson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Tilly has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlene Tilton has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marilu Tolo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeana Tomasina has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marisa Tomei has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Geoffrey Toonen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Toto has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tamara Toumanova has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harry Townes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jill Townsend has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrice Townsend has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stuart Townsend has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: J.R. Tozer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Ellen Trainor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daniel J. Travanti has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jemru Travers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nancy Travis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Noel Trevarthen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jack Trevor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Les Tremayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dorothy Tristan has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Judy Trott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Trubshawe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Natalie Trundy has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paris Tselios has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Tucker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Turkel has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Turner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tina Turner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lurene Tuttle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Shannon Tweed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tracy Tweed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Liv Tyler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charles Tyner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Urich has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Badi Uzza has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vera Vague has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Romolo Valli has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Saverio Vallone has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jose vanDam has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Barry VanDyke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Conny VanDyke has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kevin VanHentenryck has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jon VanNess has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rik VanNutter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmie VanPatten has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Timothy VanPatten has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vincent VanPatten has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah VanRhyn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah VanValkenburgh has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Monique VanVooren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Valentina Vargas has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Martin Vaughn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Reginald VelJohnson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Chick Vennera has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Diane Venora has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wanda Ventham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Verushka has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Virginia Vestoff has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcel Vibert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Asia Viera has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robert Viharo has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tony Vilar has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Henri Vilbert has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jesse Vint has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Enzo Vitale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mario Vitale has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Viva has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ruth Vivian has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ferdinand vonAlten has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Thomas vonBromssen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lenny VonDohlen has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gustav vonWangenheim has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Andreas Voutsina has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Milena Vukotic has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Wade has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Russel Wade has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christie Wagner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Wainwright has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Akiko Wakabayashi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eijo Wakabayashi has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kathryn Walker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Maggie Walker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tippy Walker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Max Wall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Wallace has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dee Wallace has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Wallis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Walter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tracey Walter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Julie Walters has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jimmy WangYu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Ward has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Herta Ware has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: S.J. Warmington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Warner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marcia Warner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fran Warren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Warren has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Warrilow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dionne Warwick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Warwick has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beverly Washburn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mavis Washington has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ted Wass has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gedde Watanabe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: William Waterman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Waters has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Charlene Watkins has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bobby Watson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Douglass Watson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Timothy Watson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kristina Wayborn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: E-than Wayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Wayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Keith Wayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Wayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Nina Wayne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carl Weathers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Richard Webb has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ann Wedgeworth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Leslie Weiner has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bruce Weitz has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mrs. Joseph L. Welch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tahnee Welch has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Louise Weller has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gwen Welles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mel Welles has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy Wells has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dawn Wells has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jennifer Wells has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Klaus Wenneman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fritz Wepper has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dianne West has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Westbrook has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Westmoreland has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margaret Weycherle has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Russ Wheeler has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: John Sylvester White has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ted White has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Wilfrid Hyde White has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Ernest Whitman has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Whitmore~jr. has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Who has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: The Wiere~Brothers has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lynda Wiesmeyer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dianne Wiest has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Collin Wilcox has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Larry Wilcox has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Estelle Wildwood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jan Wiley has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jose Wilker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Joy Wilkerson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Donna Wilkes has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Fred Willard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Toyah Willcox has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bernie Williams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Billy-Dee Williams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Eric Bransby Williams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: JoBeth Williams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sharon Williams has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Noble Willingham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Austin Willis has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Pierre-Richard Willm has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Beverly Wills has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Candy Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Elizabeth Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Josephine Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lambert Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Margery Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Louise Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael G. Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Trey Wilson has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Paul Winchell has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Penelope Windust has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Kitty Winn has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Philip Winter has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Deborah Winters has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael James Wixted has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alexander Wolcott has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Wolf has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Allan Wolfe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cyndi Wood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Wood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Gary Wood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lana Wood has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Alfre Woodard has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Bill Woods has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: James Woods has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Edward Woodward has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Morgan Woodward has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Christina World has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mary Woronov has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Marie Wright has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Wright has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Robin Wright has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Vivian Wu has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sandy Wyeth has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Patrick Wymark has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Dennis Wyndham has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Greg Wynne has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Tsutomu Yamazaki has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Celeste Yarnall has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Cassie Yates has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Yury Yarvet has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jeff York has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Rebecca York has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Burt Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Karen Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Mat Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Sean Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Skip Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Stephen Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Victor Sen Young has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Harris Yulin has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Johnny Yune has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: George Zacco has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Lenore Zann has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frank Zappa has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Michael Zaslow has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Suzanne Zenor has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Anthony Zerbe has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Carla Ziegfeld has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Laurie Zimmer has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Adrian Zmed has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: David Zucker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Jerry Zucker has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Daphne Zuniga has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Frantisek Zvarik has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Inconsistency: Darrell Zwerling has 'dob' field with non-integer value.
Error: stars(name: Brooke Adams, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mario Adorf, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Rati Agnihotri, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Edward Albert, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Alan Alda, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Alderton, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Woody Allen, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Richard Anderson, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ursula Andress, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Fanny Ardant, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Alan Arkin, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lucie Arnaz, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elizabeth Ashley, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Fred Astaire, birthYear: 1899) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Atherton, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Christopher Atkins, birthYear: 1961) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Richard Attenborough, birthYear: 1923) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Charles Aznavour, birthYear: 1924) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Hank Azaria, birthYear: 1964) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Amitabh Bachchan, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Josephine Baker, birthYear: 1906) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jill Balcon, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Baldwin, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Anne Bancroft, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Antonio Banderas, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ellen Barkin, birthYear: 1954) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kim Basinger, birthYear: 1953) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Angela Bassett, birthYear: 1958) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ned Beatty, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Warren Beatty, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Beck, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Harry Belafonte, birthYear: 1927) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Bell, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dirk Benedict, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Hywel Bennett, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Candice Bergen, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Pat Boone, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Boorman, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Bosley, birthYear: 1927) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: David Bowie, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bruce Boxleitner, birthYear: 1950) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kenneth Branagh, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Marlon Brando, birthYear: 1924) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Claude Brasseur, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Beau Bridges, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jeff Bridges, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Wilford Brimley, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Brolin, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Albert Brooks, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mel Brooks, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Gary Brown, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jim Brown, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter Brown, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Carol Burnett, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ellen Burstyn, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Gary Busey, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Butler, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Butler, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Nicolas Cage, birthYear: 1964) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michael Caine, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Helena Bonham Carter, birthYear: 1966) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Veronica Cartwright, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Johnny Cash, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Cassavetes, birthYear: 1929) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Seymour Cassel, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Phoebe Cates, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Adolfo Celi, birthYear: 1922) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Stockard Channing, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Geraldine Chaplin, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sydney Chaplin, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Cher, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Thomas Chong, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Julie Christie, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Cleese, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Glenn Close, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jennifer Cluff, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Coburn, birthYear: 1928) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jeff Conaway, birthYear: 1950) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Conrad, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ron Cook, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Francis Ford Coppola, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Roger Corman, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kevin Costner, birthYear: 1955) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Clotilde Courau, birthYear: 1969) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Courtenay, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ronny Cox, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Crawford, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Billy Crystal, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kieran Culkin, birthYear: 1982) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Culp, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tim Curry, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jamie Lee Curtis, birthYear: 1958) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Roger Daltrey, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kim Darby, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Darren, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Danielle Darrieux, birthYear: 1917) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ossie Davis, birthYear: 1917) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Julie Delpy, birthYear: 1969) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dom DeLuise, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Judi Dench, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Catherine Deneuve, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bruce Dern, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Laura Dern, birthYear: 1967) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Devane, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Marlene Dietrich, birthYear: 1901) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Phyllis Diller, birthYear: 1917) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Matt Dillon, birthYear: 1964) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kirk Douglas, birthYear: 1916) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Brad Dourif, birthYear: 1950) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Drury, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Faye Dunaway, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Griffin Dunne, birthYear: 1955) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Duvall, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Clint Eastwood, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Blake Edwards, birthYear: 1922) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lisa Eichhorn, birthYear: 1952) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Hector Elizondo, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sam Elliott, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michael Elphick, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter Falk, birthYear: 1927) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Charles Farrell, birthYear: 1901) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mia Farrow, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sherilyn Fenn, birthYear: 1965) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sally Field, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Frank Finlay, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Albert Finney, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Frances Fisher, birthYear: 1952) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bridget Fonda, birthYear: 1964) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jodie Foster, birthYear: 1962) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Foster, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Fox, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michael J. Fox, birthYear: 1961) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dominic Frontiere, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Greta Garbo, birthYear: 1905) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Allen Garfield, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Beverly Garland, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Garner, birthYear: 1928) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ben Gazzara, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Judy Geeson, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bill Gerber, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Richard Gere, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Balthazar Getty, birthYear: 1975) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Giancarlo Giannini, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Henry Gibson, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Annie Girardot, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Paul Michael Glaser, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jeff Goldblum, birthYear: 1952) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Colin Gordon, birthYear: 1911) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Gordon, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elliott Gould, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Harold Gould, birthYear: 1923) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Graham Greene, birthYear: 1904) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Pam Grier, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Melanie Griffith, birthYear: 1957) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Charles Grodin, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Gene Hackman, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Harry Hamlin, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Hanks, birthYear: 1956) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mark Harmon, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Hart, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mariette Hartley, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Rutger Hauer, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Goldie Hawn, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Heard, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mariel Hemingway, birthYear: 1961) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: David Hemmings, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Justin Henry, birthYear: 1971) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bernard Hepton, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dustin Hoffman, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bo Hopkins, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bob Hoskins, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dan Howard, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Helen Hunt, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Holly Hunter, birthYear: 1958) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elizabeth Hurley, birthYear: 1965) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Hurt, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Hurt, birthYear: 1950) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Olivia Hussey, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Anjelica Huston, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Timothy Hutton, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jeremy Irons, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Samuel L. Jackson, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Derek Jacobi, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elton John, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Stephen Johnson, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Freddie Jones, birthYear: 1927) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Shirley Jones, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tommy Lee Jones, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Stacy Keach, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Marthe Keller, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Gary Kemp, birthYear: 1959) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: George Kennedy, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Margot Kidder, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Nicole Kidman, birthYear: 1967) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Val Kilmer, birthYear: 1959) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Greg Kinnear, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kris Kristofferson, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Burt Kwouk, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Diane Lane, birthYear: 1965) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mike Lane, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jessica Lange, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Louise Lasser, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Phillip Law, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Cloris Leachman, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mark Lee, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Joe Lewis, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Loggia, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Karina Lombard, birthYear: 1969) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Shirley MacLaine, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jena Malone, birthYear: 1984) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Patrick MacNee, birthYear: 1922) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jane March, birthYear: 1973) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jane March, birthYear: 1973) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bryan Marshall, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Marshall, birthYear: 1967) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Steve Martin, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Anna Massey, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter Masterson, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Chiara Mastroianni, birthYear: 1972) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elaine May, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Malcolm McDowell, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ian McShane, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Spike Milligan, birthYear: 1918) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ron Moody, birthYear: 1924) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Terry Moore, birthYear: 1929) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jeanne Moreau, birthYear: 1928) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Rita Moreno, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michael Murphy, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Don Murray, birthYear: 1929) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Murray, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Naughton, birthYear: 1945) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Judd Nelson, birthYear: 1959) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Willie Nelson, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Paul Newman, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jack Nicholson, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Nick Nolte, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kim Novak, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kevin OConnor, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Gary Oldman, birthYear: 1958) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Per Oscarsson, birthYear: 1927) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter OToole, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Frank Oz, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sarah Jessica Parker, birthYear: 1965) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dolly Parton, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sean Penn, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bernadette Peters, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Leslie Phillips, birthYear: 1924) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michel Piccoli, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ronald Pickup, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Marie-France Pisier, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Joan Plowright, birthYear: 1929) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Roman Polanski, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sydney Pollack, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Natalie Portman, birthYear: 1981) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Micheline Presle, birthYear: 1922) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elvis Presley, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Barry Primus, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jonathan Pryce, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Anthony Quinn, birthYear: 1915) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ronald Reagan, birthYear: 1911) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lynn Redgrave, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Vanessa Redgrave, birthYear: 1937) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Roger Rees, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Frances Reid, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Carl Reiner, birthYear: 1922) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Burt Reynolds, birthYear: 1936) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Don Rickles, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Leni Riefenstahl, birthYear: 1902) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Diana Rigg, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Ritter, birthYear: 1948) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Eric Roberts, birthYear: 1956) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Julia Roberts, birthYear: 1967) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: James Robertson, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jean Rochefort, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Mickey Rooney, birthYear: 1920) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Leo Rossi, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kurt Russell, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Winona Ryder, birthYear: 1971) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Soupy Sales, birthYear: 1926) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter Sallis, birthYear: 1921) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jennifer Salt, birthYear: 1944) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Adam Sandler, birthYear: 1966) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Chris Sarandon, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Susan Sarandon, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Fred Savage, birthYear: 1976) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Greta Scacchi, birthYear: 1960) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Arnold Schwarzenegger, birthYear: 1947) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Hanna Schygulla, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Steven Seagal, birthYear: 1952) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: George Segal, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jane Seymour, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tupac Shakur, birthYear: 1971) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Omar Sharif, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: William Shatner, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Martin Sheen, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sam Shepard, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Martin Short, birthYear: 1950) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Ron Silver, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Tom Skerritt, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Christian Slater, birthYear: 1969) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lois Smith, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Maggie Smith, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Paul Sorvino, birthYear: 1939) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: David Soul, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bud Spencer, birthYear: 1929) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sylvester Stallone, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Standing, birthYear: 1934) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Maureen Stapleton, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Rod Steiger, birthYear: 1925) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Andrew Stevens, birthYear: 1955) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sting, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Christopher Stone, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Meryl Streep, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Donald Sutherland, birthYear: 1935) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Dudley Sutton, birthYear: 1933) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Bo Svenson, birthYear: 1941) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Patrick Swayze, birthYear: 1952) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Derek Thompson, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jack Thompson, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Rip Torn, birthYear: 1931) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: John Travolta, birthYear: 1954) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Guinevere Turner, birthYear: 1968) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Beverly Tyler, birthYear: 1924) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Peter Vaughan , birthYear: 1923) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Vaughn, birthYear: 1932) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Jon Voight, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lindsay Wagner, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robert Wagner, birthYear: 1930) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Christopher Walken, birthYear: 1943) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Lesley Ann Warren, birthYear: 1946) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Craig Wasson, birthYear: 1954) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sam Waterston, birthYear: 1940) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Emily Watson, birthYear: 1967) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Sigourney Weaver, birthYear: 1949) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Robin Williams, birthYear: 1951) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Vanessa Williams, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Vanessa Williams, birthYear: 1963) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Fred Williamson, birthYear: 1938) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Scott Wilson, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Kate Winslet, birthYear: 1975) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: David Wood, birthYear: null) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Elijah Wood, birthYear: 1981) exists in DB.
Error: stars(name: Michael York, birthYear: 1942) exists in DB.
